<iframe width="960" height="729.2193308550186" data-original-width="1614" data-original-height="1226" src="https://www.thinglink.com/card/1496583060047527939" type="text/html" frameborder="0" webkitallowfullscreen mozallowfullscreen allowfullscreen scrolling="no"></iframe><script async src="//cdn.thinglink.me/jse/responsive.js"></script>

As my time at Christopher Newport University comes to a close, this map project has helped me to reflect on my own personal memories. As a senior in the class of 2022, I feel as though my grade has had the most interesting time in college in general. As a freshman we had a completely normal year, then as a sophomore we were sent home early. Junior year was mainly online classes and now as seniors we are almost back to normal. This is a very unique path to graduation and will shape my class forever. My Thinglink project is a compilation of the places I’ve been and experiences I've had regularly for the last 4 years.

Some of the obvious highlights from my time here have been the dorms I lived in the last 3 years. Dorms at CNU are some of the nicest I have ever seen. I have good and bad memories in all of them. 

Coming to CNU from Maryland I knew no one coming so having the common area in York East to make friends was awesome. The biggest thing that shaped my time in Potomac South was moving out March  of 2020 for COVID. With COVID staying around for my junior year, online class and quarantine were a big part of the year.

Another important set of places for me revolves around lacrosse. Jennings Family Stadium is somewhere I go every single day rain or shine and has really been the key setting for my time here. Along with Ratcliffe Hall, where I study and hang out with my friends and teammates, these places were some of the easiest to get content for.

Commons is my go to dining hall because of the friendly workers as well as the stereotypical 80’s movie atmosphere. The lacrosse team has a table we sit at every meal, and I have only eaten there for my 4 years here. Laughing, arguing and debating the topics of the day has been a staple for me. 

Another common dining spot is the Chipotle across the street. Although it isn't the best Chipotle I’ve ever been to, it is close, relatively cheap and hits the spot when needed. 

The things that ties the whole campus together is the clock tower and the bell that can be heard all over campus. Playing sports, literally any sport with my friends. From basketball to spikeball to volleyball the bell chiming is a common sign of time passing throughout the day. 

When I was playing around with the icons used I began to try to group them into categories. My general categories were places for academics, living, dining and recreation so I cordinatied them accordingly. As a student athlete one of the hardest things to overcome is the packed schedule between class, studying, practice while also trying to maintain a social life, so this organization system seemed to separate the map similar to how I have serrated my life the last 4 years. 

Although we are not quite a quarter of the way into the school year this project did a great job at tying old memories with my current life, which is a great wrap up of my time at CNU. Although some things, like Jennings Family Stadium, is something I still use and am constantly reminded of, the memories of York East haven’t been brought back in years. I hope to look back at this map in five years and remember all the good and bad times on campus. Although getting the audio files was my least favorite part of the project I think it will be the most effective in reliving my past.

