Name Of Project: _Out of the Desert_

Project URL: https://outofthedesert.yale.edu/
Project Members: Designed by: Matthew Carter Commissioned by: Yale University
Important words: 
relocation centers: where people could come and go freely, but were instead sites of detainment operating under armed surveillance (also known as “internment camps” or just “camps”)

Summary:
In response to the attack on Pearl Harbor, President Franklin D. Roosevelt signed executive order 9066 which made much of the west coast a war zone which allowed Japanese Americans to be sent to relocation centers. This interactive map shows the different locations of the camps. As you click further into the locations, you see photos, journal pages and other first hand accounts from the camps.

Findings: 
Out of the Darkness does an excellent job of adding depth and history to the United States map. I really enjoyed how the map seemed to the base and the information and photos moved on and off the screen on top of the map. The variety of types of first hand accounts is very impressive, although I was unable to view some of the links, the photos, journal entries and even children's cartoon strips really helped to put into perspective what it was like living within the camps. The project does a good job of getting you into the information, showing you the first hand accounts and getting back to the map to see another location.

I had a good overall experience with the pictures of handwritten text but a few of them were a little too zoomed in causing me to feel like I missed a little information, although I was able to clearly see all the images. All of the images fit where they are because all of the information is location based.
The “learn more” section of the small box in the bottom left corner gives an in depth  telling of the story. It is the only piece on Pearl Harbor and Japanese ancestry. It is also about the experience from the point of view of the Americans. 

Overall, I think the project is awesome. It ties tech and history together allowing the observers to gain first person perspective to a blemish in our country's history. Its strengths definity outway its few flaws and the depth included due to its digital nature really enhance the users experience. 
